docs: master branch -> main branch, default branch -> base branch (#9808)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/design-decisions.md

So if 20 dependencies need updating, there will be at least 20 branches/PRs.
Although this may seem undesirable, it's even less desirable if all 20 were in the same Pull Request and it's very difficult to work out which upgrade caused the test failure.

> However, you can override the base branch and PR name templates to get a single branch for all dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can override the default templates for branch name to get a single branch for all dependencies.
```
